<title>Issue 28189 -   chromium -    Make autoscroll less annoying - Project Hosting on Google Code</title> <pre> For some power users  autoscroll can be useful. But for others  it can be annoying.    When someone misclicks a link  autoscroll activates. To retry  he first has to deactivate autoscroll (one click) and try again (another click). Depending on the way the   misclick happened  autoscroll could have scrolled the page a lot. In that case  he will also have to scroll back to the link.  Similarly  if someone wants to autoscroll but middle-clicks a link instead  the link opens in a new tab.    The issue here is that middle-click is an ambiguous action. If I position my mouse cursor on a certain pixel in the document  I cannot be sure what happens when I middle-  click. Is it a link or not? Is it an element styled like a link? Is it a link styled like something else? What if something replaces or moves the element?    The current behavior is:  element is a link: open in new tab  otherwise: activate autoscroll    For the simple case  with links looking like links and regular content looking like regular content  this 'smart' behavior would be ideal:  element is a link: open in new tab  cursor is near a link: do nothing  otherwise: activate autoscroll    The smart behavior is an improvement from the current behavior  since it reduces the impact of misclicks. However  the middle-click action remains ambiguous. The smart   behavior doesn't help when links don't look like links  nor with dynamic content.    Frankly  I don't even see how autoscroll can be helpful. For skimming quickly through the document  using page up/down or the scroll bar is a lot easier  since you can   identify the target area in more than a split second. For scrolling slowly  which isn't even possible in the current implementation  that can be implemented better by the page   itself  so the scroll speed can be optimized for the content.    While I don't suggest that autoscroll be removed (some people might actually *like* it)  I do suggest that it be made an option  or at the very least  have it behave like the   smart behavior. I would estimate that adding an option takes the least amount of effort to design  implement and test.    Also  I have noticed that other issues on the subject of autoscroll have been closed as WontFix  without an explanation as to why it won't be done. If you won't do it  that's   fine  but at least explain *why* it's such a bad thing. (Or why it's technically impossible  or whatever the reason.) </pre>