<title>Issue 28533 -   chromium -    Auto-updating across two versions with no open windows and without restarting the app causes it to hang - Project Hosting on Google Code</title> <pre> Kris  I'd like to get QA confirmation of this problem.  It may be 10.6-  specific or it may just be a fluke.  I've put proposed steps to reproduce   below  although they're just a hypothesis based on what I experienced.    I left 237.0 running on crack  a 10.6 system  and disappeared for over a   week.  There were no windows open.  When I came back  Chrome was   hung.  Like a jury.  In the interim  Chrome had updated to 249.0 and then   249.4 in the background.  Upon checking the disk  I found versioned   directories for 249.0 and 249.4  but not the running version  237.0.  This   caused a return of the &quot;Chrome hangs after auto-update&quot; problem.    The .keystone_install script is responsible for checking for running   Chromes and not removing the versioned directory.  Its policy is:     - never delete the version being upgraded from   - use ps and lsof to avoid deleting versions that appear to be in use    The ps and lsof checks can only look at the local machine and break down   in certain network filesystem environments  but there was no network   filesystem involved in this case.    The ps check can only find versions with running helper processes  such as   renderer processes.  Because no windows were open  ps would have found   no helpers associated with 237.0.    The lsof check can only report if the current user is running the version in   question.  In this case  the update should have been performed as the   same user that was running Chrome  and the 249.4 update should not   have clobbered 237.0.    STEPS    1. Run version n-2.  Close all browser windows.  2. Auto-update to version n-1  but don't restart Chrome.  The update can   probably be launched from the About box  but in my case  it was done in   the background by Keystone.  3. Auto-update to version n  as above.  4. Try to go to a web site.    EXPECT: to be able to continue using version n-2 even if it is not restarted   after the update to version n is applied.    OBSERVE: (apparently) version n-2 is hung  you can't open or use new   windows  and the application crashes when you ask it to quit.    Upon restarting Chrome  you will be on version n regardless of any hangs   or crashes.  The fix  if needed will be updater-side and will be effective   immediately for any update that contains the fix  and will NOT be tied to   the running Chrome version.  Accordingly  I'd like to get this for M4 if   possible  but I don't consider it ReleaseBlock-Beta. </pre>