<title>Issue 31796 -   chromium -    Not releasing unnecessary memory within tabs - Project Hosting on Google Code</title> <pre> Chrome Version       : All Google Chrome stable  beta  dev till 4.0.288.1   and Chromium  URLs (if applicable) : any    One of the biggest problem of Google Chrome / Chromium is using lots of   unnecessary memory. I'm not talking about closing tab processes - this   indeed releases all the memory. What is dealt with here is if the tab is   not closed and the same tab is being used for opening lots of sites through   links (but you don't want to close it yet  and you need to keep the tab   history to go to other links)  the memory usage will bloat abnormally and   unnecessarily. It seems that memory used in the same tab process can only   increase on average but never decrease. My suggestion is to dump the tab   process and create a new one for any links opening in the same tab  while   preserving the back/forward history of the tab.    The can be demonstrated by going to any website  say Google Chrome Help.   Note the memory usage in Task Manager. Go into several links  click some   'back' (and 'forward')  then click another link. The memory usage only   increases in general but not decrease (much) even if you navigate to a   simpler site. Open a new tab and go the same final URL. Both tabs should   use almost the same memory since they are only displaying the same page.   However  in reality  I can have the former tab (which contains some 'back'   history) using 193 MB and the latter tab (same page without history) using   31 MB. The former tab process should need only about 31 MB to display the   page  and not using memory on any contents of previous pages. This means as   much as 162 MB or 5 times the memory is wasted unnecessarily for a single   tab.    I have lots of extensions so the memory usage is exaggerated (but if the   extension is hogging memory it should be add to its process  not the   tab's). So I tried to use a new profile without extensions nor command line   switches and still see the same problem. For example  CNN.com - Privacy   Statement uses 7 MB in a clean tab but 21 MB if you go to CNN.com  click   around  back  before finally going to its Privacy Statement. Still  it   wastes 2 times the memory it should need.    I have screenshot of both to prove though you may test it yourself or   already knew it. The easiest test is go search in Google  note the memory   usage  click a result and navigate back. The memory used will already be   significantly more than the original level.    This is a big problem for users on SSD and have page file (virtual memory)   disabled to minimize wear. With the limited amount of RAM  Chrome just   frequently uses it all up  the low memory message constantly appears and   Chrome eventually being forced to close. The problem is entirely solvable   if Chrome uses just what it needs - going back and forth to any page in a   tab should use the same memory as opening the pages in a new tab.    The current workaround is to force Chrome to establish a new process for   the link you want to click  say closing and reopening the closed tab  and   periodically end bloating processes and reload all the crashed pages  or   restart the whole browser  which contradicts the purpose of the multi-  process design. Merely reload even increases the memory  which is also   abnormal too. The Purge Memory button doesn't help much (but why in the   first place do we need to purge memory? Can it be automatic and can we have   the option to force Chrome always use the least memory?).    A quick working solution  taking advantage of the multi-process model  can   be as the Chrome comics says (<a href="http://3.ly/WrfM">http://3.ly/WrfM</a>) to recycle the process for   different domains and further extend to any links opened in the same tab as   there is no script relationship between the current and previous page even   if they are in the same domain. For tabs opened in the same process  memory   should be more completely reclaimed when the tab is closed (now it is not).   Only then  Google Chrome will truly have less memory bloat over time.    I am unsure if the unnecessary memory retention is for caching previous   pages  but at least there should be an option for users with tight memory   to specify Chrome not to cache in the memory  or an option to use only the   necessary memory (including virtual memory) i.e. the memory used by tabs is   always as low as after the browser is restarted and tabs restored  or an   option to enable the solution above (is there a switch for that already?).    These are the command line switches I normally use. Notice I have disabled   the disk cache to protect the SSD:  chrome.exe --bookmark-menu --enable-udd-profiles --disk-cache-size=1 --  media-cache-size=1 --restore-last-session --experimental-spellchecker-  features --purge-memory-button --enable-gview --disable-custom-jumplist --  enable-fastback </pre>