<title>Issue 39037 -   chromium -    Suggestions to easily implement Windows 98SE and Windows Millenium(Windows ME) support - Project Hosting on Google Code</title> <pre> I just had a great idea to allow millions of users around the world to   use Chrome Frame  especially in poor countries with old computers with   Windows 98SE and Windows Millenium(Windows ME)     Once Chrome Frame is installed  it should add a Chrome Frame toolbar   into IE. The toolbar can have a &quot;exception list&quot; button that a user   clicks  and the user can type in websites(with www in url and without   www before url. https too) that they want Chrome Frame to be DISABLED   on. The list can be saved. So Chrome Frame is always activated unless   the user browses to a website in their &quot;exception list&quot; that makes   Chrome Frame DISABLED.       So if a person visits their banking website they can disable Chrome   Frame for extra security.       Chrome Frame can have sandboxing DISABLED on Windows 98SE and Windows   Millenium(Windows ME).       Chrome Frame should work on the YouTube.com website when watching   videos in Flash format and HTML5 H.264 video codec format. There   should be an option in Chrome Frame to ALWAYS watch YouTube videos in   HTML5 H.264 video codec format because currently it has to be enabled   every time(this ALWAYS watch YouTube videos in HTML5 option should be   able to be DISABLED).       So please make Chrome Frame run on Internet Explorer 6 Service Pack   1(SP1) on Windows 98SE and Windows Millenium(Windows ME).       If this is not possible  try have a feature where once a user clicks   on Internet explorer  before IE loads  a POPUP will appear and ask the   user if they want to load Internet Explorer by itself OR load Internet   Explorer WITH Chrome Frame enabled. If they Choose IE by itself then   IE will load WITH Chrome Frame DISABLED. If they Choose IE with Chrome   Frame then Chrome Frame will be ENABLED.       Can any of these things be done to make Chrome Frame run on Internet   Explorer 6 Service Pack 1(SP1) on Windows 98SE and Windows   Millenium(Windows ME)? How long would it take you to implement these   things? </pre>