<title>Issue 18777 -   chromium -    Integrate other searches directly in context menu - Project Hosting on Google Code</title> <pre> At this time you can search for marked words from the context menu. It would   be nice  when there was an option to integrate also other searches to the   context menu. In the menu of the registered search engines there should be   an option  if it should appear in context menu.    Where to open:  There's still the question  if this search should be opened focussed or in   background. But the preference of reading it later or at least depends on   what are looking for. If you are opening full articles in Wikipedia it's probably  that you don't want to interrupt your reading flow. But if you   where just looking for one foreign word or a quick translation it could be   that you needed this answer to go on in your reading flow.    So what we need is an other solution  additionally. Especially when you   where just looking for one single word  it would be enough to see the   translated word anywhere in small letters or in a tooltip connected to the   marked word. Now you can read it at least or later or as often you'd prefer   to.    For Wikipedia or more detailed word variations there could be a decent box   on the side with a scroll bar.    On my android phone I use Quickdic and in my imagination it would be nice to   have such a small dictionary-box on the side  which automatically goes to   words  which are marked or maybe on which you clicked. This would be the   fastest way to have translations in real time. This would not even need a   context menu entry. On this point I actually left the origin idea of   creating more entries in the context menu for more search engines.    A fast context sensitive explanation window on the side would be really   great as standard. Access to Wikipedia  translations  scientific   explanations in seconds without having to wait painful seconds for slow   webpages to load on the tiny 37s tab! If you are not to bored from my idea    I'll create a more detailed &quot;issue&quot; how it has to work for perfect flow ;-) </pre>