<title>Issue 9470 -   chromium -    Some suggestions - Project Hosting on Google Code</title> <pre> Chrome Version       : 1.0.154.53      Hi    some suggestions for Google Chrome:   1. Visited links are only marked as read  when the mouse was over them   again. (And on some pages never.)   2. When you open a new window from a fullscreen-window (e.g. ctrl-n)    the new window should be fullscreen too.   3. You can only choose one language for spell-checker. But if you   often use more languages or even text with many languages  it would be   nice  if you can choose more languages at the same time in the spell-   checker.   4. Chrome should have a plug-in-manager  where you can active/   deactivate every installed plug-in. And it would be very cool  if   there would be a third possibility to show a placeholder and that the   content is only loaded and displayed  when the user clicks on this   placeholder. (Similar to Flash Block for Firefox  but built-in and for   every Plug-in (Flash  Java  Silverlight  and so on)).   5. Not only typed password  but also typed formula-entrys should be   able to save.   6. The privacy-preferences in the options-dialog should also have an   entry  where you can choose  which personal data (cookies  history    formula data  and so on) should be deleted  when the program is   closed. I know this is posssible by doing it manually  but in some   cases this is better and more comfortable. Both should be possible   (manually and automatically on closing)   7. On the history-page the search should be as-you-type (less results   with every character).   8. Reload and Stop should be only one single button.   9. The links on the link-bar show a pop-up with page-title in first   row and URL in second row  when the mouse ist over it. This should be   at the normal bookmark-menu and on the history-page too. And maybe it   would even be nice  to show a small screenshot of the site in that pop-   up. (And maybe such a pop-up with Title  URL and Screenshot can be   shown  when the mouse goes over tabs.)   10. I think the drop-down-menu of the URL-field should be like in   Firefox: 2 rows for every entry: first row title  second row URL. That   looks better and is clearer.      </pre>