<title>Issue 9734 -   chromium -    Remove space as a tab-to-search trigger - Project Hosting on Google Code</title> <pre> Presently  we use space as a secondary (hidden) trigger for tab-to-search.    Problem:    We've had reports that we end up triggering tab-to-search inadvertedly for   generic searches when a keyword is imported from another browser:    1. Other browser has keyword defined &quot;google&quot;. This keyword likely wasn't   created by the user  but rather by the browser vendor or distributor.  2. User installs Chrome and imports settings from existing browser.  3. User types &quot;google news&quot; into the address bar to search for the &quot;Google   News&quot; service.    While the user types  the omnibox morphs into TTS mode  which is visually   jarring because it's a rather major unexpected change in the text field.   (When invoked via Tab  it's typically expected). The option to search for   &quot;google news&quot; is the second item in the dropdown  but if you're a typical   user who doesn't look in the dropdown  and never created the mysterious   keyword that's triggering TTS  you're going to be puzzled why you can't   just type it in.    This problem impacts Chrome users more heavily because of the combined   search and address bar. In our attempt to mimic other browser's somewhat   obscure space-invoked keyword system  we've made the omnibox act less like   a conventional search bar. This seems like the wrong tradeoff.    Proposed solution:    At the design fixit  we decided the best thing to do would be to try   disabling the space key as a trigger for TTS. We heavily upsell Tab   directly in the address bar and TTS is automatic  so the Chrome system   should be more intuitive. Space exists only as a compatibility mode for   browsers that don't combine search and navigation bars.    Another alternative would be to not import keywords from other browsers    but we found this less desirable because we'd skip ones that users had   deliberately created. </pre>